let's get more on the situation in Gaza
where the number of people killed in
Israeli attacks has passed
22,000 the armed wing of Hamas says it's
targeted several Israeli soldiers using
mines as well as destroying tanks
Israeli Army says it's killed Hamas
members along gaza's
Coastline K yunus in southern Gaza is
under intense fire from Israeli forces
and that's where the Palestinian red
cresant is based an attack in the
organization's headquarters has killed
at least five people including a baby
honey was joining us live from Rafa in
southern Gaza so the Israeli attacks
continuing now we're seeing an attack as
well on the headquarters of the
Palestinian red
cresant yes indeed and and this is what
people have been talking about and since
uh particular we're looking at uh 89
days of this war and uh unusual
unexpected turnover events that have
threatened to widen the scale of of this
war but uh it's so distracting that the
Israeli military just took advantage of
the of these distracting news and and
pounded the central uh area of the Gaza
Strip and Han un massively with
Relentless ongoing nonstop artillery
Shilling and and air strikes uh
destroying a group of residential uh
Homes at the Eastern side of aat Camp
that's very close to Salah Ro three of
these uh resident buildings better known
Asal residential buildings a group of
Residential Building were constructed at
the time of the PA in in the Gaza Strip
but we're looking at more people being
killed more people are displaced and
more people are injured and brushed to
Ala hospital and really overwhelmed
health facility but also to Al Bas and
other areas of the central part
including D B City came under heavy aial
bombardment in Khan is not only looking
at residential buildings and and public
facilities being targeted but also a
charitable Health Organization uh like
the Palestinian R Cresent society that
was targeted for the third time in Lan a
week uh the eighth floor of the
headquarter of the building was targeted
as several people who were killed and
other injuries but also looking at the
the damage that is caused to uh medical
equipments and the the the medical
Warehouse uh that were inside these
these building just furthering the uh
the suffering and the uh the the the
miserable uh situations of hospitals as
uh these charitable Health Organization
works as a subordinate to public health
facility that has been under constant
heavy bombings and and and also running
to the lowest capacity a possible
threatening to further uh the uh the the
the complication in the healthcare
system to the Eastern side of of Rafa
City since early hours of this morning
and overnight non-stop artillery
shelling continue to destroy more
residential buildings bulldozing more
agricultural land and all again all feed
into an Israeli Narrative of creating a
buffer zone and squeezing people into a
small area of the Gaza Strip H mm and
Rafa honey thank you very much indeed